>> Scott Moss: So one last thing I wanted
to show you with the router in the app is
we talked about the verbs like get,
post, use, put, delete.
All that's really cool, but when you're
doing res, they're all the same thing.
If we think about res,
there's literally the exact same routes.
Every single time.
No matter what resource you have.
I'm just gonna go through some examples.
So I'm just gonna say routes.
Just to show you how.
So we'll have, let's say our resources,
let's say we have a pet app,
and our resource is cats.
Okay, so we got cats here.
I like cats.
So if we wanted to do a get request
to get one cat, it'll be /cat, right?
If we wanted to do, let me get that
cat with that specific ID it'll be,
/cat: id, all right?
But those are two get requests.
Let's just put this like this, get, get.
If I wanted to create a cat,
it would be a post request to /cat.
>> Scott Moss: If I
wanted to update a cat,
it would be a put request to /cat with
an ID of the cat that I wanna update.
And then if I wanted to remove
a cat because it got adopted,
then I would put delete a cat
with the ID of the cat.
And that's never gonna change for res.
It doesn't matter what your resource is,
it's always gonna be these
five different routes, right?
If you follow res it'll be these five.
That's why I say it's really blurry
because it's really hard to build
an application that only does this.
Sometimes you need more,
like there's different relationships.
This cat might have an owner
that has this thing.
It gets complicated.
But if you just follow res, these
are the only routes you'll ever need.
This is why Rails was so
popular cuz they were able to
scaffold this stuff out for you.
Cuz it was like, this is it,
this is all you'll ever need.
So if that's the case, it's kind of
tedious to write those over and over and
over and over again especially if
we look at some of these routes.
So if we look at the cat resource,
there's only two routes really.
There's different verbs,
get, post, put, delete.
But look at the routes, there's only two,
there's /cat and /cat:id, that's it.
Those are the only two different routes.
So, Express allows us to make this a lot
simpler versus writing five different
route combinations like this,
we can just do it in two.
So what you could do is
using the router or the app,
cuz they both have the same routing
capabilities, doesn't matter.
In this case I'll just say router.
You can do .route, so
.route allows you to pass any route,
in this case I'll say /cat.
And then from there, I can do my verbs.
I can do .get, pass in my controller and
my middleware.
I can do .post, pass in my controller and
my middleware, right?
And then for the other route,
I could say router.routes /cat/id.
And then I could do my get, my put and
my delete,
>> Scott Moss: Right?
So that just cleaned up a lot of stuff for
us just by doing that.
>> Scott Moss: And again,
because a router and
app have the same routing capabilities
this works the same way on an app.
So yeah,
this is just a cleaner way to do it.
So then now you just pass
in your controllers and
your middleware here just
like we did down here.
>> Scott Moss: And that way you
don't have to say router .get/cat,
router .get /cat,
cuz it gets very tedious.
So this is just like yeah,
it's res, just do this.